This series looks at life in one
of Britain's busiest airports.
On today's show, Flylo owner
Omar Baba takes on his rivals.
British Airways, you are the
son of a whore. I spit on you.
Fearghal's flight hits turbulence.
Is that your wee sick bag?
OK, thanks for that.
Someone had lasagne,
didn't they?
And Friends' star David Schwimmer
has trouble at Customs.
Check-In
Passenger Liaison
Steward
Paparazzi
Coffee Seller
Immigration Officer
Ground Crew
Flight Attendant
Airline Owner
Burger Assistant
Passengers
Pilots
Good morning, good morning...
It's 8 am and airline
owner Omar Baba
is launching an unbelievable
transatlantic deal.
Today I announce the launch of
the Flylo £1 flight to New York!
Yes, you are correct!
£1 to New York City.
(With a small booking
fee of £480.)
In an effort to make his service more
attractive to business passengers,
Omar is introducing brand new
flat beds across his entire fleet.
OK, it looks like normal seat, but is
a flat bed at the press of the button.
Well, good night.
Wake me up when we
get to Birmingham.
The early morning Our Lady Air
flight from Cork has hit turbulence,
but cabin crew member Fearghal is
quick to reassure his passengers.
Hello, is your name Holly?
Your mummy tells me you've been
feeling a wee bit scared, is that right?
Yeah, she just gets a bit frightened,
especially with all the turbulence.
Oh, you don't need
to worry about that.
That's just like a wee
little pocket of air.
Like driving along
a bumpy road.
- You see?
- Yeah.
I've got somebody who's
going to look after you,
would you like
to meet him?
Yeah?
Hello, my name's Brandon O'Bear,
I'd like to be your best friend.
- Say thank you.
- Thank you.
35 euro.
Next, please.
Meanwhile, over at the Flylo check-in,
Melody is faced with a common problem.
Oh, I'm sorry, madam, your case is
too heavy to go in the hold, madam.
I'm going to have to ask you,
madam,
to remove some items
from the case, please, madam.
Madam.
How's that now?
Still over, I'm afraid, madam.
'All we hear from passengers'
'is that they don't like the
new baggage allowance rules,'
but honestly, what do you
really need to take on holiday?
Some Hawaiian Tropic, a couple
of pairs of bikini bottoms
and a pregnancy testing kit.
I'm very sorry, madam,
it's still too heavy.
How much over is it?
Five kilos.
New Flylo rules.
New baggage allowance is outlined very
clearly on the Flylo website, madam.
I was just about to
tell the lady that.
What my colleague should
have informed you, madam,
is that it does
state very clearly
on the Flylo website
that before you travel
you do need to check
the Flylo website, madam.
- I didn't realise...
- www.Flylo.co.uk...
- Right.
- .com.org.net.com.
Right.
Then .com again. It's very simple,
www.Flylo.co.uk.com.org.net.com.com.
Yes, thank you, Keeley.
Always happy to help, Melody.
Still over, I'm afraid.
Ah! That's fine now, madam.
Have a good flight.
Next, please.
Since they've both been up for
the job of check-in manager,
tensions have arisen between
the two best friends.
If I get promoted as
check-in manager, well,
when I get promoted
as check-in manager,
I'm going to use the extra money
to have a breast enhancement.
I actually had mine
done when I was 12.
I could only afford to get one done,
so I had this one done at Christmas.
I went from a D to an F,
but if I get promoted,
I can have this
one done as well.
Yeah, see if you can do
a deal with the surgeon
and get him to do your
face at the same time.
On the other side of the airport,
Flylo employee Taaj has just been
told of a serious plane malfunction.
See what happened was was we was just
getting the plane out of the hanger
and the wing fell off,
so what they've got to do is
stick the wing back on the plane,
but they've got to get themselves
some special aeroplane glue, isn't it?
So there's going to be
a little bit of a delay,
but thing is, I don't
want to tell passengers this
because it might make
them tiny bit nervous,
so I've just been thinking of other
things that I can tell them instead.
Excuse me?
Yes, boss? What's the delay?
Erm, a volcano has erupted in Bradford
and is spewing out all ash and that.
We've had a phone call from a
women who lives near the airport,
and she's having a barbeque today,
and she says please can we have
no planes flying overhead
because it's a bit noisy.
We've run out of Appletize,
so it's not safe to travel.
The pilot parked the plane and he
can't remember where he left it.
One of the stewards has got eczema
so it would be a bit risky, isn't it?
It's getting quite dark and the
pilot is worried about flying the plane
at night in case he
can't see anything.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, really!
How would you like to
fly a plane at night?
The pilot's still at home, Cos
he's watching Avatar on DVD
and he didn't realise
how long it was.
One of the stewards is a batty
boy and he's just found out
his boyfriend's been
bumming someone else
and he's just crying
and crying, so we can't fly.
That's ridiculous.
I want a full refund.
But we cannot give a refund
because it is an
act of God, isn't it?
How is that an act of God?
God made him batty.
Come on, come on, boy.
Mickey and Buster, the airport's
paparazzi, have just received
a tip-off that a very important
passenger is about to touch down.
Her Majesty the Queen.
- Yeah, love the Queen.
- Lovely old Queen.
Thing about the Queen is she's done
nothing but good for this country,
and when you see her on a postage
stamp you can't help thinking,
- "Oh! She's a fine looking woman."
I would. - I would an' all.
- In fact, I'd take a photo of you
doing it. -That's very kind of you.
Be lovely to have a memento.
Yeah, I'm a traditional
royalist, you know what I mean?
When the National Anthem comes on,
I'm always first on my feet. Yeah.
# God save our gracious dum
Long live our noble dum
# Dum dum dum Queen
# Land of hope and dum dum.
# Rule Bri-dum dum #
Britannia rules the dum... #
Oh, hold up,
what's going on?
- Who is it?
- Hello.
- Oh, you're joking.
- Who's joking?
- Oh, you're joking!
- You're having a laugh!
Who's having a laugh?
The Queen has got straight off
her plane into her Daimler.
She's half way round the M25.
We're not going to get a picture now.
She's gone right up herself.
I can't help thinking this whole
Queen thing's has gone to her head!
Cow!
All we was going to do was get
a nice little shot of her,
crown on her head, corgi either side,
showing a nice of bit of cleavage...
Boom, 50 quid from
the Daily Star.
And if she's showing a bit of leg, we
could flog it to Nuts Magazine. But no.
No, she's forgetting the fans. People
like us who put her where she is today.
These celebrities complain
about the paparazzi,
but it's a two-way
street, ain't it?
Yeah, it's a two way street.
Would she still be Queen if
we didn't photograph her?
Yeah.
Yeah, I suppose
she would yeah...
- she's the Queen.
- she's the Queen after all.
Ian Foot is the airport's
chief immigration officer.
His job is to prevent illegal
immigrants from entering the UK.
Working in immigration,
you do sometimes get
labelled with the racism tag.
I do take my job very seriously,
but I'm not in any way racist.
In fact, one of my best friends
is friends with a man who's black.
And he's very black.
Oh, yeah. Man, he's black, yeah.
Earlier today, Ian stopped a
passenger at passport control
whom he believes is trying to gain
unlawful access into the country.
Do you understand
why I have brought you here?
No, I don't.
Well, it's clear to me that
you've got a forged passport.
- No, I haven't.
- Oh, it's a forgery, all right.
A very good one,
I'll grant you that.
- But, er, there is one slight giveaway.
- And what is that?
- There is no such country as Liberia.
- Yes, there is, it's in Africa.
Oh, in Africa, you say.
It's on a map, look on a map.
All right, I will look on a map.
Yeah, I think I'm going to enjoy this.
Right.
Liberia, you say? Yes.
We've got a new one,
Chris, Liberia.
Africa. Africa.
Africa... Africa, Right, OK.
So, Mrs Mbutu,
would you be so
kind as to point out
the location of this so-called Liberia?
There.
Oh, yes. Just hidden
underneath Sierra Leone.
What I'm going to do is,
I'm going to let you in this time,
but I would advise you, in future,
to travel with a large atlas or globe
so you can prove to people you haven't
made up your country. Good day.
This is disgraceful.
- Right.
- You are a very ignorant man.
All right.
I am disgusted by the way
that I have been treated.
- OK.
- May I leave now?!
Yes.
You have insulted the
people of my country.
Yeah, I'm actually on
my lunch break now,
so anything else you say
doesn't really count.
Oh!
Don't know what
rattled her cage.
People come from far and
wide to work at the airport.
Tommy is obsessed with planes,
and it's always been his dream
to work in the aviation industry.
I really, really
want to be a pilot,
but I found out that you have to have
passed lots of exam...examinin...
tests to be one. So what
I've decided to do instead
is to get myself a job at the airport
then work my way up to being a pilot.
Er, cheeseburger.
Press cheeseburger.
Large chocolate milkshake.
Press large chocolate milkshake.
Chicken nuggets.
Press chicken nuggets.
Two apple pies.
Press apple pie.
Press it again.
I found it quite complicated,
but now I've served my first customer,
I think I'm definitely on
my way to becoming a pilot.
Now ask, "Would you
like fries with that?"
Would you like fries with that?
Yeah, not me. Him.
So next time you're
on a plane, listen out
because you might
just hear a voice saying,
"Ladies and gentlemen,
"welcome on board, this is
Captain Tommy speaking.
"Would you like
fries with that?"
Meanwhile, there have been reports
of a serious incident in duty free,
and the police are on
site within minutes.
We've had reports of a
gentleman who's very drunk
and has been abusive
to members of staff.
I'll have a can of whiskey.
I tell you what, give us a kiss.
It's all right, Margaret, I'll deal
with it. Calm down, please, sir.
I just want one bottle of whiskey.
What's the matter?
You appear to be very drunk and you've
been abusive to members of staff.
I'll admit I've had a drink.
I've had a drink. I won't fool you.
I've had a drink.
I need to escort you
out of the terminal.
I'm not going.
Me plane goes in half an hour.
We need to take you outside,
get you some fresh air inside
you and some black coffee.
All right. I'll go.
I fly better when I've had a couple of
drinks, anyway, you know what I mean.
Oh, I'll be all right, once I get
up there. I'll open the window.
The Our Lady Air flight
to Dublin is boarding.
Morning. Morning.
And Fearghal is breaking
in a new steward.
I'm really excited
about today as it goes,
cos I just qualified as a steward
and this is my first ever flight
and, you know, being a
steward is great, you know,
and the money's not bad, you
get to travel a lot and, er,
meet loads of birds. All right.
'Lasagne or coq au vin?'
Lasagne or coq au vin?
Hah... I had coq
au vin last night.
Oh, right? Yeah, my friend's
just bought a transit.
Lasagne or coq au vin?
'I might be wrong, but I got a feeling'
that the guy I'm working
with could be gay.
Get you!
I ain't got nothing against 'em,
but I'm not one myself, so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to
subtly mention that I'm straight
and hope he gets the message.
Any duty free for you today?
- Any duty free for you today?
Yes, some Chanel No. 5, please.
Oh, certainly, madam,
there you go.
That's what my girlfriend likes.
- Oh, right?
- Yeah, I buy it for my girlfriend.
Cos my girlfriend likes it,
cos I really love my GIRLFRIEND.
Great.
Girlfriend!
'I don't know what it is about Lee,'
but I'm getting quite
a gay vibe from him.
Mind you,
you know what they say.
What's the difference between
a straight man and a bisexual?
Two pints of lager.
- Another pint of lager?
- Yeah, all right.
Before their return
flight tomorrow,
Lee and Fearghal have been booked
into a hotel in Dublin.
Bottoms up.
Ain't you drinking? No,
I like to stay in control.
# You raise me up
# So I can stand on mountains
# To walk on stormy sea... #
It's 8 am and back at the airport,
coffee kiosk employee Precious
is faced with the
morning rush...
Come on! Shoo!
..but she's having
to close early.
Problem today,
we got no paper cup.
We got coffee, we got milk, we got
water, we got fire, we got sugar,
we got sweetener, we got chocolate
sprinkle but we got no paper cup.
Well, we suppose we got no option but
to spend the rest of the day playing
on the fruit machines with
the petty cash from the till.
Praise the lord for
the £30 jackpot.
Closed. Oh, don't worry, me going to
give all me winnings to the church.
On the third day he rose again.
Hallelujah.
# Kumbaya my Lord Kumbaya
# Oh Lord Kumbaya. #
Over at the check-in desks,
Melody and Keeley are hard at work.
To be honest, I really took this
job because I wanted to travel.
I felt I needed to broaden my horizons,
and this year I've already
flown to Birmingham,
Manchester and had a week in Luton.
Since the opportunity for promotion
has arisen, Keeley has been keeping
a close eye on her friend's
performance.
Thank you.
Melody, you didn't ask
the security questions.
Oh, sorry, sir. I forgot to ask
you the security questions.
OK.
Did you pack the
case yourself?
No.
Could anyone have interfered with
your luggage at any point?
Yes.
Did anyone ask you to bring
anything onto the aircraft?
Yes.
Does your bag contain any lighters,
aerosols or any sharp objects?
Yes, all of those.
Good.
Enjoy the flight.
Yes, I think what happened earlier
with the security questions
does show that whichever one
of us does get Helen's job,
it's probably better if
it's someone with experience.
I think experience is
important, but I know
in my short time at the company I
have already made a big impact.
I don't know if
you've seen this.
This is the Flylo Hotties calendar
that was brought out last year.
Omar Baba personally selected all the
sexiest girls who work for the airline.
And I was actually Miss October.
You weren't asked to do that,
were you, Keeley?
No, I wasn't, Melody, but I
probably wouldn't get involved
with something like that because
I think it's quite down market.
You posted that video of you
and your boyfriend on You Porn.
That was artistic.
Simon and Jackie Trent are Britain's
first husband and wife pilot team.
Five years ago Simon
had an affair,
but the couple are keen to
put the incident behind them.
Having re-trained as a pilot, Jackie now
accompanies Simon on all his flights.
Yeah, well, obviously
it can be stressful.
You live together, you work together.
I don't find it stressful.
What I'm saying is, you know,
sometimes there is that danger
that you've had a row at home
and you bring it into work.
No. Not a problem for me.
'Swiftbird. 240 degrees
to intercept the ILS.'
240 to intercept the ILS.
Swiftbird.
'Swiftbird. When established,
clear to descend on the ILS,
'runway 27, right.
Report at four Delta.'
Clear to descend
on the ILS, Swiftbird.
Can I just say you've got
a really lovely voice?
'Er, thank you.'
Yeah, you've just got
really lovely velvety tones.
'Thanks.'
I'm First Officer
Jackie Trent, by the way.
'Oh. Um. I'm Nigel Stowe.
'Nice to speak to you,
Jackie. Out.'
Are you on Facebook?
- 'Repeat that. Over.'
- Are you on Facebook? Over.
Jackie...
I just really want to
see what you look like.
'Er, for the record, I'm tall,
I've got black hair and a moustache.'
You sound hot. Over.
Jackie, we've begun our descent.
I need you to concentrate.
Oh, excuse me, Simon! I'm not the
one who screwed someone else!
'Just to say you're
clear for final approach.'
Thank you.
- Did you Sky+ 'Strictly'?
- Yes.
Back in the terminal, Taaj is
helping Flylo passengers
check-in as quickly as possible.
Is you travelling with
just hand luggage?
- Is you travelling with
just hand luggage? - No.
Is you travelling with
just hand luggage?
Is you travelling with just
hand luggage?
- Yes.
- You is?
OK, come with me madam
because we can now check you in
electrono-logically, isn't it?
But I do need to make sure that your
bag fits into the overhead locker.
Well, it's not going
to fit in there, is it?
Oh. Oh, no. Well, you better join
the back of the queue then, isn't it?
This is ridiculous!
You couldn't get anything in there.
No, I know. Me and my mates
was mucking about last night.
I couldn't even get me cock in it.
Moses looks after first and business
class passengers for Great British Air.
He's just been alerted that there's
a very nervous flyer on board
this flight to Budapest,
which is ready for take off.
- Are you my frightened lady?
- Yes.
Do you mind if I just perch
my little bottom down here?
Have you been offered a small
glass of fresh orange juice
and a complimentary
browse of the Daily Mail?
Yes, thank you.
OK, my love.
Now I'm going to give you a
few facts about flight safety
just to put your mind at rest,
if you'll pardon the pun?
Please.
Do you know how many planes
actually went down last year?
I don't know.
- Have a guess.
- I don't really want to think about it.
- Go on.
- Five?
- More than that.
- Ten?
More than that.
50?
- A lot more than that.
- 150?
- Little bit less.
- 140?
122.
That's all.
And do you know how many
planes were lost at sea last year?
I don't know.
Nine.
Ok, this is a fun one.
No, thank you. I don't
want to do this any more.
No, no, no.
This is a nice one.
Do you know how many planes
were accidentally shot
down in military exercises?
I wouldn't want to
think about that.
Four.
OK? So I hope those little facts
have put your mind at rest.
Happy flighting.
'Ladies and gentleman if you could
just make sure your seatbelts
'are fastened as we've just been
given clearance of take off.'
Budget airline Flylo have
recently started selling holidays.
Judith and Peter were among the first
customers to enjoy a Flylo cruise.
We'd like to make a
formal complaint, please.
- Excuse me, Peter.
- Sorry, Judith.
We'd like to make a
formal complaint, please.
We have had the
cruise from hell!
- When we boarded...
- Peter!
Sorry, Judith.
When we boarded
the Flylo cruise liner,
we were shown to our quarters
in the bowels of the ship.
Only to discover that our cabin was
flooded waist-deep with seawater.
But we thought, "Ho hum,
let's get on with it.
"It's only our bottom halves
that are going to get wet."
So we set sail...
Peter, I'm talking.
It's very rude.
Sorry, Judith.
We set sail and we'd only just left
the port at Athens when it emerged
that all 780 passengers on board the
vessel had contracted dysentery.
You had to queue for 14 hours...
Peter, you and I are going
to come to blows in a minute.
You had to queue for 14
hours to use the lavatories.
Well, we'd been waiting 13 hours
and it was very nearly our turn
when we heard gunshots and discovered
the boat had been boarded by pirates.
They rounded up all the
pass...
Peter!
They rounded up all the passengers
on deck and singled out Peter and I
and took us hostage,
which meant we missed the buffet.
We were then taken to a
room and told that one of us
was going to have to perform sexual
acts upon the pirates at gunpoint.
Well, I popped my hand in the
air and volunteered Peter,
but before my husband had a chance
to engage in anything other than
mild foreplay with
three of the men
the boat was stormed
by the Greek coast guard.
There was a shoot-out. Bodies
everywhere and just as I thought,
"Surely this cruise
can't get any worse,"
we discovered that the cabaret
that night was John Barrowman.
That's when I broke down.
It's 4 pm and although it's been
several hours since Precious
was forced to close the coffee kiosk,
she's still at the airport.
Oh, a very bad thing
just happened.
I was playing on me Deal
Or No Deal fruit machine.
You know the television show with
that nice Christian boy Noel Edmonson?
Well the Devil must've
got inside Noel
Cos he just thieved £180
of the petty cash from me.
Well, don't worry because I'm
going to win all the money back.
Have you got change
of a £10 note?
Quick as you can, my love.
I don't have £10,
I've only got £5.
There's a place
for you in heaven.
Hey! Get away from that fruit machine!
I've got my money in there!
Gambling is the Devil's work.
Come on, Noel.
Our Lady Air cabin
crew Fearghal and Lee
are working the return
flight from Dublin.
Croissant or muesli?
What happened last night
was very much a one-off.
I've told Fearghal that.
I think just cos you have sex
with a guy don't make you a gay.
Lee certainly knows
how to please a man.
It was mind-blowing. He threw me
round the room like a rag doll.
It was the most intense, animalistic,
erotic encounter of my life.
Hope me girlfriend
don't see this.
David Schwimmer has been stopped
and searched at Customs.
The Friends star was attempting
to smuggle a large number of
illegal items into the country.
One copy Chicks With Dicks.
One copy She-male Orgy.
- One copy Tranny Mania.
- Tranny Mania.
One copy She-male Orgy 3.
One copy Lady Boy Lick Fest.
Final item - one copy
She-male Sandwich.
Right. You're aware these
items are illegal in the UK.
In which case would you
care to explain to me why
you have attempted to
bring them into the country?
Well, this is very,
very difficult for me because
I don't want to
get someone else in trouble.
But...they're actually
a present for a friend.
- Which friend?
- Matt Le Blanc.
Matt Le Blanc?
That's correct.
It's sad, but erm,
he really can only become aroused
when watching this sort of material.
Have you watched
any of these films?
I have and I found it
absolutely disgusting.
Which of the DVDs did
you watch, Mr Schwimmer?
All of them.
I was very curious as to what kind of
films Matt had asked me to buy for him.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
You know the stories actually
do kind of drag you in.
You know, will the
pool get cleaned?
You do realise that we have
no option but to
confiscate these items?
Yeah, I do, I do.
And actually I'm glad.
Because when Matt sees this on TV
he will understand that what he asked
me to do is utterly unacceptable.
In fact, can I,
can I just address the
camera for a second?
Matt, this is your
friend David Schwimmer.
You've got a problem, buddy,
and I'm...
I mean you... Look,
you're sick and you need help
and I will do everything within
my power to help you get help.
Thank you.
Thank you all.
You guys are doing an excellent,
an excellent job here
- and I really appreciate it.
- Sit down, sir.
They're for Jennifer Anniston.
And so another eventful day at
the airport draws to a close.
Captain Stirick had a strong coffee
and flew the airbus to Vienna.
Omar's flatbeds scheme went
down like a cup of cold sick.
And David Schwimmer was
admitted to a clinic in Arizona
to treat his addiction to
transsexual pornography.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd
E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk
Sync & Corrected by Alice
www.addic7ed.com